../BIOCOM
shortwave transmission intercepted@29mhz
meta3.date_stamp(561124.111545)

//audio file not found

//transcript follows...

VOICE 1
Truth Seekers, I have been inundated with mail over the last few months as I work to get the show up and running. My apologies for not responding to each of you individually. Mrs. Truth and I have been busy establishing a secondary base of operations just in case the government decides to silence me once the show goes live. I will be addressing some sensitive issues and when they know what I know... well... I need to keep a bug-out bag packed.
I’m going to start with a story. I worked a summer job at a resort near Lake Cachuma when I was 17. It was a diner. Flipping burgers and on the deep frier. Nasty work. Greasy, hot. Hard work too, dangerous. It was a rite of passage. You worked there one summer, then went off to college or wherever. It was a new batch of kids working there every year.
Two days before we were due to open for the season, Mr. Court, the owner, gathered us all together to tell us despite our hard work, he had to close the place. It had been a rough year at the lake and tourist numbers were down and that he couldn't afford to keep the old place going. We'd been working our butts off to get the place ready to open for the new season and now, two days before opening, this man’s dream had been destroyed and there’s a bunch of teenagers out of a job. He was broken, you could tell. His wife was with him, holding his hand while he spoke. I remember thinking: she’s holding him up. This man looked like without her there he’d keel right over. He couldn't even look a bunch of teenagers in the eye because he was so ashamed. He was a failure. He’d failed us, failed his family. Well, I don't know who said it first... but one of us suggested we keep going and get the diner open and we'll see how it goes. Mr. Court refused of course. He didn't believe in taking advantage of people and besides, unless the place was packed to the rafters all season, he was sunk. No, he said, it's best if you kids go find something else to do for the summer. I'm sorry I let you down.
Now when I saw the shame this man was experiencing, and the fear in his wife's eyes, I knew we had to do something. We had to stand up for this man. Me and the rest of the crew all looked at each other and nodded. We told Mr. Court flat out - we were going to save that diner, no matter what it took. And we did. All of us. We came in every day and made that place spotless. We posted flyers around town every day. We printed up menus and distributed them to the summer camp kids. One of us had a dirt bike and started doing deliveries to the campgrounds. We worked harder that summer than we had ever worked in our lives, and we didn't get paid a penny because we were there to do a service. To save a man, to save his pride. To do the right thing. All the while, he’s telling us he didn’t deserve such a blessing. That we must be angels.
By the end of summer, he called the team into his office and told us that despite our efforts, they hadn't broken even. The place had been packed all summer, but the hole was too deep. My heart broke that day. I realized that no matter how hard you work, no matter what sacrifices you make, this world is stacked against the little guy. Mr. Court and his wife had been running that dinner for 30 years, and they had nothing, nothing to show for it. It was all over. Too much tax, inflation, rent, supply costs. He was in a war he could never win, and it took him 30 years to figure that out. He gave us all some money, what little he had left. Most of us didn't want to take it, but he insisted. I figured it out later and I think I got paid maybe a buck an hour when you added it all up - but it was dirty money anyway. I shook Mr. Court's hand but I couldn't look him in the eye. In my heart, as much as I pitied him, I vowed never to be that man. I would never be Mr. Court, and I would never let the system destroy me.
About 10 years later I went back to the lake with Mrs. Truth. We rented a cabin and a boat, and I took her round the old town. I took her to the old diner and when we got there, they were doing it up. There were a bunch of kids scrubbing the windows and painting the outside decks. They were repainting the sign, cleaning out the grease traps. I couldn’t believe the place was still going, so I asked one of the kids if it was a new owner. The kid told me it was owned by some old fellow called Mr. Court, and that he was going to sell the place that year because he was out of money and he couldn't afford to keep the doors open. The kid tells me he and the rest of the crew had agreed to work for free that summer just to help the old man get back on his feet. The kid looked so proud of himself.
While he's telling me this, Mr. Court comes out to look at the work they're doing and he's got that same broken look in his eye, that same slump to his shoulders. He thanks the kids again for what they're doing, tells them he and Mrs. Court don't deserve such a blessing. That they’re angels.
Then he saw me. I know he recognized me, but he looked right through me. I was empty to him, a thing of no value. He had used me up, and I no longer mattered. I barely existed. Mrs. Truth went to go talk to him but I pulled her back. I couldn't tell her why... I was too ashamed. Ashamed of how I had been used. Ashamed of how easily I had been duped. Mrs. Truth knew the story and she had figured it out already, but I just wanted to disappear. I feared him, because I saw what makes some people different from the rest of us. I saw a man who would destroy everything in his path to get where he wanted to go. I saw a man that climbed over fences and feared no one. I saw… the man.
In the years since then I have learned some things. Some things I want to teach to you, through this radio show, through my words. I want to help you recognize the Mr. Courts of this world. to help you see through the masks they wear, to penetrate that evil fog that surrounds them, to see past the subterfuge and lies. To see the truth.
When faced with a person or a situation that seems off to you, or seems too… obvious, you must ask questions.
Why do those with nothing fight for the rights of those with everything?
What qualities must a person have to become powerful in this world? Do you respect those qualities, or fear them?
Do you hate your neighbor? The people in your town? Do you hate the people you meet every day? No? Then why are we sold the lie that we all hate each other?
Who benefits from conflict? Who wins while you’re looking the wrong way?
Do you believe that 50% of the people in this country think one way, and 50% think the opposite? Why is it so close?
What power does the man have over you, when you believe your future is never certain?
Why do you fear?
This is State of Truth. Call me.

../BIOCOM.
.. transcript ends//
intercept log updated
alert system flagged
