D-Lock Block Cipher
alias:int_server.1024_ciph.tier5.phys_ops/DLockwoodA074.flagged

Mr. Lockwood,

You requested an update. Here it is.

Through my experiments, I have discovered the virus has a multipronged attack strategy, which not only
increases the R0, but also allows it to be highly contagious in multiple environments. Infected individual
can release create pathogens and fomites through any bodily fluid. The virus has been observed in fluids
extracted from anywhere on the patient - sweat, blood, saliva, bile, urine, even in the aqueous and
vitreous humors. The virus can also survive for several weeks while airborne or on surfaces. In my control
tests, subjects exposed to locations that had been contaminated up to 4 weeks prior to exposure still
contracted the virus. This was also true of subjects immersed in various solutions (I tried fresh water, salt
water, and several synthetic oils and polymers). 85% of the subjects contracted the virus within a few
hours. The remaining 15% who survived other exposure methods contracted the virus when exposed to a
vaporous environment heavily dosed with infected fomites.

The parasite that we had previously attributed as the primary carrier of the virus is, in my opinion, merely
another victim of this remarkable lifeform. The only difference is the virus does not mutate the parasites,
rather it prolongs the life cycle of the parasite indefinitely. The relationship is symbiotic. The parasite
carries the virus to new hosts, and the virus helps the parasite live for an extended (and currently
unknown) period. Perhaps indefinitely.

The virus is remarkable. It appears to have been perfectly designed to infect regardless of the
circumstance. When it finds a host, it induces coughing, sweating, sneezing, and ultimately violent attacks
to draw blood and saliva. Without a host, it can transfer itself through any medium. The only test I have
not been able to perform yet is in a vacuum, but I am planning such experiments next week as soon as I
receive new subjects from Mr. Piros.

Research continues.

Dr Abeo Dauda A153
