D-Lock Block Cipher
alias:int_server.1024_ciph.tier5.exec_branch/SGiraudA087.flagged

Mr. Girauld,

I am concerned that the push for faster growth is just making the seeds more unstable even if they do survive to maturity. We are iterating quickly and the value of accelerating to adulthood is clear - but our process is flawed. The seeds are not adults simply because the cells reach senescence. That state is reached artificially and only accounts for the cellular maturity of the seed. They are juveniles in all but physical form. They still need time for their brains to understand the physiology that has so rapidly developed around it. It needs space, and a highly structured environment to absorb and comprehend essential survival data. Mere sentience is not a resilient enough foundation for us to build on. We need existing reason. We need naturally driven purpose. We need an organically evolved decision tree forged from spontaneous stimulation. We need fundamental instinct. We need the id.

These elements are the foundations on which we build, and that comes from experience that the seed can only gain through time.

We can sharpen the curve with PRDMs and good chem but there is a natural element at work that will not be compromised just because we are motivated. We must deliver a safe, reliable, functional product and not just check the boxes you set for us. Rise can and will work, but we need to reevaluate our requirements.

Specifically:

Do we really need the Seed to reach maturity in 60 days?
Do we really need to ensure the Seed can process an entry on the stack rather than focusing on unsupervised sustainability?

I believe the answer to both of these requirements is no, and they should be reevaluated. We are so focused on the drive to stock Legion independently that we are missing the quality control needed to maintain the high standard we have already set with our reformatted operatives.

When are you returning to Garganta? I would like to discuss this with you in person if possible.

Angela Klein A106
Behavioral Science, Legion
