Mambo Media Services news wire
History Bug by Ellen Barker
The Knowledge Tree, Vol. 247
August 4th 2050

Last year, one of my high school students asked me a simple question; "How big can viruses get"?

I explained that some viruses can grow as big as 1.8 micrometers - that's big enough to be seen under a light microscope. The current record holder is Pithovirus Klauvas, which was found buried deep in the permafrost of the Svalbard archipelago in a 75,000 year old ice core sample taken in 2037. Virologists fully expect that record to be broken as they dig deeper into earth's frosty past. After all, the Pandoravirus was supposed to be the largest possible until we went digging into the Siberian permafrost in 2014 and Pithovirus Sibericum blew the measly Pandoravirus out of the competition. Sibericum's reign lasted just 23 years until Klauvas came along and mocked its miniscule 1.5 micrometer frame.

But what happens when we dig even deeper? What mysteries lie in the ice from 100,000 years ago? How about 1 million years ago? While we're down there, how about looking out for mega viruses from 100 million years ago - although we may be hard pressed to find any ice samples that date back so far (the oldest known ice on earth is about 8 million years old). The deeper we go, the further back we go, and one thing we do know for sure is that the biggest viruses tend to be older and have more genetic material. Giant viruses can have DNA genomes that can go up to 3 million base pairs; much, much larger than the genomes of their micro-siblings. They also tend to have more complex structures, with some having multiple layers of protein and lipid membranes. Some are so complex that it has been posited that alone distinguishes viruses as worthy of being called "alive".

The debate over whether viruses constitute life as we know it rages ever on but perhaps the conflict arises because we are ignoring the possibility that viruses aren't just alive, they *are* life. In the prehistoric soup of earth, perhaps the virus entities to self-replicate and determine a future for themselves were viruses? We know they can be old. Very old. There are members of the hepadnavirus group that date back at least 40 million years.

40 million years, you cry? But we've had life on earth for billions of years!

We've also had mass extinctions that have entirely redefined the structure of life on earth. More than 99 percent of all life that has ever lived on earth is extinct. The current spread of organisms we call "life" represents a tiny fraction of the spectrum across history. New evidence suggests our flora and fauna is comprised almost entirely of new species that arose after the cataclysmic events of around 66 million years ago. It is not impossible to see a branch on the tree of life that only grew because of the prevalence of viruses - perhaps big ones - that didn't kill the host, they improved it, perhaps giving new life the tools it needed to survive the post-cataclysmic environment after the Cretaceous-Tertiary extinction event.

We know not all viruses are pathogenic. There are many that--

>> Encryption checksum mismatch. Contact your IT administrator.
