Analyst Report
Reported by: Boris Stanovich C066 (Report Analyst, Medical Dept.)
Date of Report: December 12th 2052
Report: #SAMD-C043-07

Report Summary
This report details the most recent employee health statistics at both Garganta and the SMC controlled coastal sectors.

An alarming increase in the suicide rate has been noticed during the second half of 2052. While depression and psychological issues are to be expected with a work force spending extended periods of time underground, the numbers reveal a steady rise in psycho-pharmaceutical use. The upward trend began in April 2052, and surged dramatically throughout the year.

At the time of writing this report, 34.4% of the SMC workforce based within the Garganta complex have reported psychological disturbances. Our medical teams are dealing with this as best we can, but a more focused psychological evaluation of all employees is merited. We have suggested regular "day-breaks" for all employees to allow them to recuperate at one of the coastal camps, and are waiting to for approval. Although pharmaceutical remedy may ease the suffering of those afflicted with depression, the method is a stop gap. Exposure to natural sunlight and open space is the only long term solution recommended by the medical staff.

Accompanying the mental health concerns, the physical health of the work force has declined recently. Reports of malaise, lethargy, and exhaustion account for a total of 8,350 man hours lost. The productivity rate of those not reporting sick has also declined, with multiple reports of "daydreaming" and "wandering" employees, particularly with the lower level construction teams. This condition has been coined the "Garganta Flu" though as yet, we have not discovered any physical cause for this influenza-like condition.

It is recommended that we move from a 3-shift workforce to a 4-shift workforce. The additional 2 hours for each can then be used for mandatory sunlight exposure and a physician approved exercise regimen.

Boris Stanovich C066
