../BIOCOM
illicit communication
meta3.date_stamp(540408.182842)
concern begins/..

D-Lock Block Cipher
alias:int_server.1024_ciph.C368.tier3.b_stanovich.flagged

Boris Stanovich,

My name is Eric Chapman. I am writing to you as I would like to begin a friendship. I am a clerk in the medical records department and have read through your files. I believe that we are a suitable match for friendship. My co-workers talk to me but I do not believe they value my perspective as a person with autism. Many people believe that autism limits my abilities, but I want to assure you that I am a capable and intelligent person who is eager to form a relationship with you and contribute to society in meaningful ways. I would like to discuss many topics with you, including working in Garganta, the difficulty in making new friends, and the NAM-V virus. I am particularly interested in NAM-V as I have processed 481 confirmed cases of NAM-V and although I do not have specific figures, I believe many people have died from the virus.

You would enjoy a friendship with me for a number of reasons. I believe I can bring a valuable and fresh viewpoint, and I am eager to share my ideas and insights with you. I have a great deal to offer in terms of problem-solving and critical thinking, and I am always looking for opportunities to use my skills to improve my personal interactions. I have also observed several aspects of your personality that will make a friendship between us likely to succeed. You are tidy. You are clean. You are an analyst. You like numbers. You are often alone. You always eat dessert. You smiled at me in the cafeteria on Thursday. I also read your psychiatric evaluation, and it states that you reported hearing noises coming from the walls while you were working in the mass spectrometry laboratory. After reading the transcript of your meeting I went to the mass spectrometry laboratory and also heard unusual noises similar to the ones you described to Dr. Teale. I have not reported them, as I would like to speak to you about what they might be first.

I do not want to have a sexual relationship with you. I am not homosexual. Your records indicate that you are homosexual, but my interests are entirely platonic. Thank you for taking the time to read this letter of introduction. I hope that you will consider me as a friend, and I look forward to the chance to show you what I am capable of.

Eric Chapman C368
