../BIOCOM
Unauthorized encyption
meta3.date_stamp(550614.093304)
folder.rstokes/documents/sxv4y486erhw2/outbox
reading...

---

D-Lock Block Cipher
alias:ext_server.512_ciph.B162.tier1-2-3-4-5.flagged [draft]

Company announcement blurb:

who: Hammerstein, Connor, Briggs, Gaubert(?)
what: Attack on team when exploring new area. All dead.
when: incident occurred June 12, expedition will now be in September (exact date TBD)
where: Intrepid Chamber, Shaft 17b 4020m

Thoughts:
It is my sad duty to report the loss of 4 valued members of the Project Insight team.

As some of you may know, several valued team members were sadly taken
killed
lost
died

Due to the recent accident, we will be pushing back E-F-0-4 to September. Several valued team members regretfully died last week while exploring
sadly
unfortunately
tragically

Hammerstein:
Dr. Hammerstein was not an easy person to work with, but this is often the way with brilliant minds.
He dedicated himself entirely to the WHY WHY WHY

Positives:
His books/essays
Passionate
Committed
Logical?

Avoid who he was. Lie. Be a liar. LIE.

Connor:
Our dear friend, Nolan Connor, tragically lost his life pursuing the work he loved. Nolan will remain in our memories as a funny, caring
Nolan could always be relied upon
I will personally miss Nolan the most FUCK ME

Briggs:
Find out who he was. Was he liked?

Keiran Briggs had only been with us for a few months, but he made an impression on us as soon as HE DIED

Gaubert:
Check spelling
Mention her entanglement work

Nadelle Gaubert was an inspiration to many of us. Her work on QE teleportation blah blah SAY YOU'RE SORRY

Personal:
On a personal note, I will miss them all terribly. I admired Gallus very much and I AM A LIAR I AM A LIAR I AM A LIAR

On a personal note, I am glad he's dead. I hated him, as did all of you. He was a tyrant, a narcissist, a blowhard and a repugnant human being. I hope his death was painful. I hope those fucking creatures ripped the flesh  from his bones while he screamed.

Respectfully,

Dr. Stokes
New and Improved Lead of Project Insight

---

[file ends]
