Mambo Media Services news wire
Politika Pensado
June 19th, 2050

General Assembly Annual Session Voting Begins
by Kate Harding, Political correspondent, Politika Pensado

This week marks the beginning of the United Nations session voting, and as usual there is expected to be little consensus between the member states. Over the last decade, the UN general assembly has become more and more fragmented, with members focusing on nationalistic goals over global ideals. Even on topics as seemingly straightforward as climate change, this once lauded bastion of "thinking globally" seems incapable of reaching an entente cordiale. Political maneuvering leads to expected results every time: Consensus is reached, then when voting comes, proverbial rugs are pulled.

The charter for this year focused on an eclectic agenda, addressing issues as diverse as loan forgiveness, military response to the rising nuclear threat in north Africa and the Middle East, and combating the growing power of private multi-national security contractors.

For those in a hurry, Politika Pensado offers a quick rundown of what to expect from this session:

Third World Loan forgiveness is unlikely to pass, with strong opposition from the United States, Russia, Great Britain and Japan. Germany, Sweden, France, China, and the Netherlands have effectively written off several hundred billion dollars in debt already, but their unilateral act of generosity is unlikely to gain much traction among the more conservative member states.

UN sanctioned military response to states listed as "of nuclear concern" will likely come to consensus without issue, as most members are in agreement that sanctions against offending countries has largely been responsible for humanitarian crisis with little chance of effecting noticeable political change. Even states under threat of economic sanctions will likely vote for rapid military action, hoping for defense contracts or the release of funds from the UN Conflict Support Trust.

Harder to predict will be the outcome of voting on controlling private security contractors. While many of these contractors are based in powerful UN members states (Russia, United States, South Africa, Great Britain), those states may also regard their oversees interests threatened by the increasing popularity of "Armies for Rent". Add to that the growing concern over recruitment practices of many of these corporations, and the issue deals with more than just global security - it is a potential humanitarian disaster waiting to happen. Kovac Defense Services has reportedly been recruiting operators from state run prison systems in the last few years, and not all of that recruitment is voluntary. Indeed, they are suspected--

[Encryption checksum mismatch. Contact your IT administrator]
