D-Lock Block Cipher
Sender:	 Janson Davies
Receiver: Andrew Clinton B035
Date: March 27th 2052
Subject: Congratulations

Andrew,

In the future, ensure that all communication with me is run through Kovac's D-Lock platform. I will be blocking all unencrypted communications from now on.

With regards to your concerns over Project Insight, you should be talking directly to your superiors at Santonian. Dreyfus Industries does not get involved with the internal operations of our subsidiary organizations. Our previous communications were purely inquisitiveness on my part, and do not indicate any personal involvement with the Garganta facility other than the financial support Dreyfus Industries provides. The Santonian Mining Company is a self-managed organization. Neither Dreyfus Industries nor I have ever dictated policy or direction to the Santonian Mining Company. We offer advice when requested. The board at Santonian makes the decisions and is responsible for any policies enacted by the company.

I have offered some suggestions to SMC on how to initiate Project Insight and recommended some key personnel, but that is the full scope of my involvement. Project Insight has its own entity and structure. I am only an observer.

That being said, I fully support the SMC board in this decision. Santonian are making many interesting new discoveries at Garganta, but they are a mining company at heart, and their research capabilities are limited. The launch this month of Project Insight, as I understand it, will enable greater and more comprehensive explorations within the mine and properly systematize the collection and analysis of artifacts.

You will of course still oversee all mining operations within Garganta, but where you drill, when you drill, what you drill, how you drill, and if you drill will now be dictated exclusively by the Project Insight team. This is, after all, a collaborative effort.

I believe it was Ariana's 10th birthday last week. Please send her my warmest regards.

J.
