Mambo Media Services news wire
Focus on Fingal newspaper
November 5th, 2032

The Mallacht of Colt

The island of Colt has a tormented past. Many former residents of the island have their own tales of misfortune. If you ask the locals they will tell you; it's the Curse of Colt.

The island has been plagued by a succession of unfortunate events dating back hundreds of years. These are often blamed on the curse left by an outcast druidic sect that settled on the island in the early eighteenth century. Hounded off the mainland by Catholics, the Druids built a small temple on the island and lived in isolation until the middle of the nineteenth century, when the church decided the island would be a perfect place to build a monastery. The Druids once again found themselves forced to move, and this time they left with a curse or two for the monks.

While the druids have long since returned to the forests, the pubs and taverns of Skerries still talk of them and the legacy they left behind. Skerries locals (the nearest mainland town) are quick to warn any visitors that they should not travel out to the island, as the curse (or mallacht as the old folk would say) still haunts the island and bad luck will befall any fool who touches its shores. For two centuries, there has been a long list of unfortunate deaths and injuries related to the island. With another death at Braeburn Manor this week, the old folk have been tapping their noses and nodding grimly. They knew as much and told us so. The Curse of Colt has left its bloody mark once again.

This time the curse fell upon the Hackett family of Braeburn Manor, the last remaining house on the island. Last week, one of the boys was out hunting rabbits, a common pastime for the boys, according to the father. The victim was fourteen year old Cormac Hackett. While some of the details are still unclear, it is known that the boy was accidentally shot in the neck. There are no emergency services on the island, and by the time they arrived young Cormac had succumbed to his injuries. The loss of such a young life is tragic. Worse yet, the gun that killed Cormac was fired by Aiden, his twelve year old brother.

Though the police have stated the incident was an accident, this is not the first time tragedy has struck the family and in particular, young Aiden. At just 5 years old, he saw his mother fall to her death while out walking along the cliffs. There has been much speculation about whether the mother fell, or jumped, but there is no doubt that the trauma must have had a profound effect on the boy. For that same child to accidentally shoot his own brother seven years later is a tragedy hard to fathom. The Curse of Colt strikes again.

The police have not yet closed the investigation as there are still many unanswered questions, but Focus on Fingal--
[Encryption checksum mismatch. Contact your IT administrator]
