Mambo Media Services news wire
//Translation complete//
The Intelligentsia, Science Dept
April 11th 2041

The Fountain of Still Life
by Eva Bontemps

This week, Kovac Research revealed a glimpse into the future that has captivated the scientific community and made the research company the focus of worldwide attention.

Kovac Research - a self-described “Futurist Organization” owned and operated by Kovac Defense Services - has been working on a solution to an age-old problem that has prevented manned long-haul space missions. As both NASA and the ESA contemplate the complexity of a joint mission to Enceladus, the dilemma of how to sustain human life during the six-year journey has been a thorn in the side of both organizations. Keeping the crew fed, fit and sane for such a long journey seems insurmountable. While there is no shortage of volunteers willing to spend over a decade (they have to get back, too) in space just for the chance to be the first humans to engage face-to-face with an extraterrestrial species, keeping these pilgrims not only alive for that long, but physically able to complete the mission has not been possible. Until now. Perhaps...

The breakthrough that Kovac Research hopes will answer these questions is Hydrostasis - a process that holds organic matter (read: humans) in a state of suspended animation for weeks, months, even years at a time, seemingly without any negative effects. The nuts and bolts of the process are an intensely guarded secret, but there is speculation that the procedure likely uses a synthetic amniotic fluid to sustain and protect the organism while it is in an induced comatose state. In this state, the organism is effectively dead, but no cell deterioration or physical decay occurs. For the human in Hydrostasis, the heart stops. The metabolism stops. The aging process stops. For all intents and purposes,  time stops.

Hydrostasis has its critics. Many have decried Kovac Research's tendency to gloss over the problems found in the recently completed first human trials - namely that participants have suffered some neural degradation and memory loss. Kovac has been quick to counter that these issues are minor and they expect to eradicate them completely within the next few months. There have also been questions raised about who Kovac Research is using for human trials, with some suggesting that participation may not be entirely voluntary, a claim that Kovac vehemently denies.

These issues notwithstanding, Hydrostasis appears to offer a potential solution that may unlock the conundrum of extended space travel. Beyond that, the medical world could use such technology in the field of emergency and combat trauma, with

[Encryption checksum mismatch. Contact your IT administrator]
