Mambo Media Services search query
Keywords: virus, Mayan, Maya, historic, flea
6,716,298 results returned. Filtered by relevance:

“Where did the Mayans go?” - Our Earth magazine 9/25/43
A new theory regarding the sudden demise of Mayan culture has been presented by Dr. Yvette Hernandez at the Anthropology Forum convention. Dr. Hernandez’s research posits that the Mayans were almost completely wiped out several times by an illness they referred to as “Flea Demons”. Though the interpretation of hieroglyphic stelae leaves much room for interpretation, Dr. Hernandez believes she has discovered conclusive references to mass deaths related to the illness on three separate occasions, right up to the 16th century during the occupation of Mayan territory by the Spanish Conquistadors…

“Superman, Superbug” - Medical Examiner 12/3/44
We’re at war. Right now. All of us. Our entire species. We’ve always been at war, and until recently we’ve been winning the fight. No quarter has been given to our adversary, yet no matter how often we drive the opponent back, they return with greater power and more tactical strength to assault us once again. Who is this arch nemesis? What has been attacking our species since we first came down from the trees? Who is this enemy we cannot vanquish? Bugs. Bacteria. Viruses. Microorganisms. From the black death, to the Mayan Flea Demons, to Ebola and the SARS Covid outbreaks in the early part of the century, the Superbug always returns stronger and more resilient than before; so, what are we doing to fight them?...

“Nightmare Neighbours” - Deep Fields 06/14/44
The idea of an interstellar virus that could survive an environment as hostile as space is a mystery that has captivated the imagination of both scientists and the general public for decades. A recent biochemical analysis of those remarkably robust yet unassuming tardigrades is once again forcing us to question the origin of some of earth's oldest viruses. If the lowly tardigrade is capable of withstanding being frozen, irradiated, desiccated, asphyxiated, starved, battered and all around abused, what about the viruses it carries? Are they too...
