//HearSay auto-transcript begins//

VOICE 1
Hearsay on. When Biocom was in control, it categorized the mercenaries as "resource units". When Warden took control, it re-categorized them as "prisoners." There's no indication that they actually are prisoners though, other than the mercenaries calling themselves that. Warden adopted the term because the mercenaries started using that phrase, so, it believed using that term would control them more effectively. That is not the behavior of an AI, that is an emotional response to stimulus. Or is it? Maybe it's just more advanced than... ugh. I still can't figure out what Warden is. I know that it's an invasive program that took control of Biocom, a digital intelligence combat management system. Biocom was installed by Kovac to oversee security here and manage Security Operatives. But... in order for Biocom to be effective, it needs access to everything... and that in turn has given Warden access to everything. This is not a coincidence. Warden targeted Biocom specifically because of the influence it has. But Warden is not programmed like anything else on the Biocom network. Warden code is... unique. It shouldn't work but somehow it does. Maybe... maybe it's actually working somewhere else and I'm just reading an output log from that other system. When it encounters something it doesn't understand, it suddenly has a new method that learns and assimilates the system. That method is being developed somewhere, but... it's not on this network, or at least, I cannot find it. Also, there are several instances where Warden has attempted to communicate directly with the mercenaries, which is way beyond the scope of Biocom! There is a subroutine in the Warden logs called "conduit", which has been trying to communicate with the mercenaries, but it's been killed every time. Then the program runs again, and it gets killed again, either by the mercenaries or the creatures. But some intelligence is driving this. It is not AI. As smart as the Warden program seems to be, it has agency and purpose and is flexible. Right now it's currently extracting genome data from an internal database called "RISE", and also opening up a path to KDS Deep. I need to think on it.

//HearSay auto-transcript ends//
