../BIOCOM
shortwave transmission intercepted@29mhz
meta3.date_stamp(570610.091228)

//transcript follows...

MALE VOICE 1
State of Truth AM. I am not given to paranoia. Rather, I am naturally averse to the narrative driven into our minds by the authorities using fatuous drivel broadcast on every screen, in every piece of content blasted at us from the moment we open our eyes. They overwhelm the masses with mindless twitter, and I use the word wisely, obliterating our understanding of truth. They nurture and promote skepticism to the point of exhaustion, until we are so desperate for a simple, digestible truth that we will accept any irrational or absurd theory presented to us if it means we tune out the noise for a few precious moments. But we must be resolute. When an explanation comes to us too easily, we must pause, and question it. We must consider what agencies benefit from our acceptance of that particular narrative and use that deduction to evaluate the information we have at hand. We must filter all the knowledge we have with the acceptance that each of us have blind spots, and weaknesses, that can be exploited by bad actors. We must pause before we act, and think. I must pause. My weakness has always been that those I chose to let into my inner circle – those few, very few, that I chose to trust – I trust implicitly. I am fully exposed to only a handful of people, but exposed I am.   Lately, in my personal life, I have had cause to be suspicious of those closest to me. I have entertained doubts about their loyalty, about their motivation, about their intent. There are organizations who would stop at nothing to destroy me, to silence the message. The new world order has led us to the brink of extinction, and now that I have revealed their crimes they are at their most dangerous. They will take what's precious to me, and corrupt it. I must be ready for that. I must be ready to do what's necessary. But I. Must. Pause. StateOfTruth@pm.me. I'm still here.

../BIOCOM.
.. transcript ends//
intercept log updated
alert system flagged
