This is State of Truth AM. Mrs. Truth and I are still on the road.
We're avoiding large population clusters, staying off the interstate,
making our way to the bug-out bunker.
My friends, it is... hell out here. We have seen bodies, thousands of
bodies, burned on massive funeral pyres. We have seen corpses
unceremoniously bulldozed into mass graves. We have seen the maggot
infested remains of our people, left to rot in the ditches. It is clear
they performed their final act of compliance in that ditch. They begged
for mercy before they were shot in the back of the head by their own troops.
The air is heavy with the stench from the internment camps, now the
feeding ground of vultures that feast on the fat of our insolence.
I can hear the death rattle of our species on the wind that carries
our extinction.
There are some who have survived the carnage, but their days are numbered.
They barricade themselves in their homes, firing pot shots at any stray who
threatens to bring the plague to their door. Primal self-preservation
controls them now. The cult of self that drove their ideology now drives
their instinct to survive at all costs. They have turned their back on the
society they once claimed from their moral high ground. There is no
compassion in the cornered rat, among the parasites. There is no community,
no allegiance, and no room in the foxhole. They grow septic in their
mausoleums as they starve to death in solitude.
But, in all of this, I believe... no, I know, that YOU are out there, my
friends. The seers & prophets who saw this reckoning and prepared for it.
Secure in your own bunkers, keeping the beacon burning. You are the heroes
of this end of days. The self-sufficient. You tap the satellites and keep
the lines of communication open. You maintain the generators and keep
the water pumping. You find a way to connect to an information web in
ruins because the original architects died from their hubris. Well, not you.
You are practical. Adaptable. You will use all that is left behind,
and forge a new existence.
Stay strong my friends. Though I may be incommunicado for a while, we will
return. We too will rise from the ashes.
Don't touch that dial. Mr. Truth out.
