D-Lock Block Cipher 

alias:int_server.1024_ciph.tier5.phys_ops/DLockwoodA074.flagged 

 

From: James Durant B255 

To: Dean Lockwood A074 

Date: June 13th 2054 

Subject:\tSignal 

 

Mr. Lockwood, 

 

We can assert categorically that both NAM-V and Parasitidae Garganta are extraterrestrial in origin. There is no way of knowing for sure if they evolved in the same location (or even if they evolved at all), but we do know that the environmental conditions for both lifeforms was at least very similar as their structural framework share many features. It is highly likely they have the same origin, wherever that may be. 

 

The progenitor of the relationship between the virus and the parasite is not clear, so I have been working under Dr. Dauda's theory that the virus happened upon the parasite at some point, found it to be an appropriate host, and evolved to manipulate the behavior of the parasite to ensure transmission. We have also discovered that the extent of viral mutation within the parasites is unusually high. Each infected parasite carries it's own mutation of the virus, which means that any host with multiple parasites will allow the mutated viruses to gene shuffle and create new strains. Many of the new strains lead to mutations of the host to varying degrees, resulting in the physical deformities we see in some hosts. This is almost certainly the cause of at least some of the abominations that have been uncovered as excavations towards the Inner continue.  

 

However, I have also isolated hundreds of parasites that do not carry the virus and yet their behavior is identical to infected parasites, indicating the presence of collective intelligence. The parasites are highly social and will work together to ensure attachment to a host - using strategies that are far beyond the capability of an individual parasite. It is unlikely that these complex behaviors can all be attributed to implanted behaviors from the virus.  

 

The relationship is certainly symbiotic. The virus triggers life-prolonging chemical production in the parasite, and the parasite provides a suspendable organic structure for the virus. The parasite transmits the virus to new hosts, and in turn the virus alters the behavior of the host to accept the presence of the parasite and inhibit the desire to remove it. 

 

With so many mutations of NAM-V being created with each new host, there are potentially millions of strains of NAM-V that no longer require a parasite to transmit. This explains why Dr. Dauda's research shows such resilience in the virus. It evolves everywhere, in every way. This virus is an omnipotent force of nature. 

 

The only method we have found of killing the virus is by stopping the biological functions of the host through hydrostasis (or death). Fortunately, the parasites have not yet found a way into the HSUs. However, after hydrostasis reinfection is possible. We continue to improve our sterilization and prophylaxis methods, but we are fighting a losing battle. I see no future for us if we do not seek the origin of these lifeforms and find an immune genome. If we are to survive NAM-V, we must turn to the nature that created it. Evolution has had millions of years to fight the virus. We have months. 

 

James Durant B255