Mambo Media Services mail server



Science Weekly

December 15th, 2042



Selling History

Report from Lance Overmars, ESA correspondent, Kourou Spaceport



December 18th will be the biggest day in ESA history. The launch of Red Alpha will be broadcast live worldwide, and the expected audience will far exceed any live global event in history. Even this year's world cup final in Cairo, where an estimated 3.4 billion people were glued to their phones to watch an African team finally lift the Jules Rimet Trophy, will have to be content with second place (unlike Ghana - go Black Stars).



All eyes, and wallets, are on the ESA headquarters in Paris. Information is flowing thick and fast as the marketing team wrestles to suck every penny they can out of "Mars fever" - a phenomenon among the astronomical community that hasn't been seen since the Apollo 11 mission. The 12-astronaut team are already heroes. We want to know what they eat and drink, what they wear, what car they drive, what toothpaste they use - and we're willing to pay through the nose to feel like we're a part of humankind's biggest step. The world has gone Mars mad, and the ESA is banking on the madness continuing.



It's a much needed payout for them. For the last decade, politician after politician has called for a reduction in the ESA budget, which topped out at €24 billion in 2036. With so many social problems plaguing europe, the ESA has had to fight tooth and nail to keep the money rolling in, but it's been a losing battle. The budget has reduced every year, even with the launch day rapidly approaching. Earlier this year, their annual budget was reduced to €14 billion, less than half of the €30 billion they requested. They have scraped and saved wherever possible, and some say they have cut corners that shouldn't have been cut. They have become bedfellows with corporations in the private sector, despite outcry from international watchdogs. They have reduced the mission scope time and time again - the Mars base became the Mars station became the Mars outpost became the landing site. If we're lucky, they'll manage to at least pitch a tent.



In a few days all that tumult comes to a head when Red Alpha finally launches. The

[Encryption checksum mismatch. Contact your IT administrator]
