Mambo Media Services news wire

//Translation complete//
Kvitoya Vault closing
Official memo from regjeringen.no
December 9th 2054

Kvitoya Vault no longer accepting samples

News story | Date: 12/08/2054

Since opening in 2032, the Kvitoya DNA Vault safeguards a database of over 3,400,000 DNA samples from the Animalia kingdom. For 22 uninterrupted years, the vault has received DNA samples from 134 gene banks across the globe, processed them, and securely stored them in our state-of-the-art facilities. Each DNA sample has been meticulously evaluated to ensure genetic purity, then categorized to make sure every record we hold is authentic and of the highest quality.

So it is with great pity that we must announce we are officially closing the submission pipeline to the Kvitoya DNA Vault at 12:00 CET on January 1st 2055. We will no longer be accepting any submissions regardless of any prior approval status from the Svalbard adjudication board.

The NAM-V pandemic presents a significant risk to the integrity of our database, and given the abnormally high R0 of NAM-V and unpredictable incubation period, it is essential we protect the vault's contents from further human contact. We cannot risk any contamination of the vault.

It is in these dire circumstances that the prime directive of Kvitoya must be enforced. While we are confident that a vaccine for NAM-V virus will be developed in the coming few months, until such time our database will remain sealed and entirely inaccessible to the outside world.

A team of 58 volunteers have been preparing for this eventuality since January of this year. They have remained in complete isolation to ensure there is no transmission of the disease into the vault, and will now remain there to continue the monumental task of categorizing and maintaining the archives once the doors are closed.

Any samples delivered to our processing center from this point on will be discarded upon receipt without opening. This includes those any samples already in transit.

We will issue a global wire when the vault reopens, which we fully expect to happen later in the year.

Ebbe Gronlund
Minister of Agriculture and Food
