Mambo Media Services news wire
Statement from Dr Gloria Rutermayer, WHO Global Director

Monthly epidemiological update on NAM-V pandemic
Edition 31

Report date: 6th September 2055

OVERVIEW
Globally, the number of new cases increased by 17% during the month of August 2055, as compared to the previous month, with over 395.4 million new confirmed cases reported.

Globally, approximately 271 million fatalities were reported during August 2055. This figure does not take into account non-reporting countries. The WHO will no longer project data from non-reporting countries until reliable lines of communication can be established. With the aid of the US government, the African Union, and the European Coalition, efforts are underway to restore contact with these non-reporting nations.

As of 1st September 2055, there have been 4.8 billion confirmed cases and 2.27 billion confirmed deaths reported globally from NAM-V.

AGENDA:

- The search for Patient Zero
- An update on the circulating NAM-V variants of concern (VOCs)
- Establishing lines of communication with nations that are no longer responding

PATIENT ZERO
Efforts to find Patient Zero continue. Our research suggests an origin point of Naples, Florida, USA. A report filed in December 2052 indicates the first known (US) victim may have migrated north from an undisclosed location (potentially somewhere in the Florida everglades). The WHO team located in Naples are contract tracing as much of the local population as possible, but unstable social conditions are hampering efforts.

There are indicators that Patient Zero may have travelled to Florida from beyond US borders. WHO teams have been dispatched to Cuba, Mexico, The Bahamas, and several other Caribbean locations to search for any case reports prior to December 2052. As several Caribbean nations have been non-responsive for months, the WHO has employed the use of private military contractors to ensure the security of our researchers during this search. The WHO wishes to stress that any military presence accompanying WHO expeditionary teams are security measures only, and we present no threat to the sovereignty or security of any country. Any national government bodies who receive this report but are otherwise unable to communicate with the WHO directly are requested to help facilitate the work of our researchers as they continue to seek a solution to the NAM-V pandemic.

The co-operation of all people is required if we are to survive this global crisis. The US Government, the African Union, and the European Coalition have authorized the use of force by our private military contractors if needed, though we sincerely hope such measures are not necessary.

NAM-V: VARIANTS OF CONCERN
A second major mutation of the virus has been discovere[corrupted]

//file ends
