This is State of Truth AM. It's a somber message today. As most of you know, even the government ain't hiding the truth anymore. The walls of Jericho are down, and you know what? We're on the inside. We are the enemy now. Our infrastructure is in ruins, we have mass migration out of the cities, hundreds of millions dead or dying, and no solutions left. Now, I've been bringing you the truth on this show for many years, and I always like to come with solutions, right? Options for the free-thinking minds of America. Well, that mandate has come at a heavy cost. I have lived off grid now for over a decade and have always been a thorn in the side of the powerful and corrupt. But that's it. A bug, a flea, nothing more. An annoyance if you will. Well not anymore. The great eye of Satan has cast its gaze upon me, and I am a marked man. I am the cancer in their system people, the wrench on the machine, and they want me gone. I have been forced out... ROUTED, from my home. Last night my perimeter alarm went off and I saw 5, maybe 6, vehicles coming down my private road towards the compound. I saw clearly, quite clearly, on the security camera, that 2 of the vehicles were standard FBI Black SUVs, and two of the vehicles were AT-36-Bs. You know who uses AT-36-B trucks? Not the government. That's Kovac Defense Services, a mercenary group known to be working with Dreyfus Industries at Garganta, the Complex, down in Mexico. The government, and KDS were working together to silence me. Well, I got 40 acres up in the high desert, and I got it for a reason. To buy me time for that day, when they came for me. I grabbed my weapons, I grabbed Mrs. Truth, I got my dogs, and took the back roads out into the wild. I am on the run people. I am on the road, right now, right now I am broadcasting this from a secret location in isolation. Now, I promise you, as long as there is breath in my body, I will keep the resistance alive. I will broadcast every chance I get. If I can put the antenna up safely, I will. I am using burner phones right now as long as the towers are still working, the lines are open.
