D-Lock Block Cipher
Sender: Dean Lockwood A074
Receiver: SMC.ALL
Date: November 14th 2053
Subject: Changes

I will be serving as the Project Manager for Santonian Mining Company until a suitable replacement can be found. The tragic loss of Andrew has affected us all deeply, but we must carry on regardless. That is what he would have wanted.

I will attempt to make myself available to you as much as possible but would appreciate patience as we make changes in response to the tragic events of October 13th.

We will be adjusting security procedures to make sure we are not caught off guard in the future, including restricting access to some areas. This is for your own safety. The energy surge created multiple blast tunnels to the surface. These tunnels are dangerous and unpredictable, so we will be sealing them off while inspections and repairs are conducted. Should you find a shaft that has not been surveyed, make sure you inform a Project Insight coordinator so the area can be secured and sealed off.

We will be installing additional security doors throughout Garganta to isolate and contain any future events. There may be some teething problems getting access to certain areas as we integrate the new system, so bear with us. If you need access to a restricted area, contact a security officer.

Do NOT, under any circumstances, enter a restricted area without clearance. I cannot stress this enough.

A memorial service for Andrew will be held once social interaction limitations have been relaxed. We are following the recommended WHO guidelines to combat NAM-V even here in Garganta, the safest place you could be right now. As a reminder, we should all do our bit:

Keep yourself and others safe:
Wash hands regularly (20 seconds using anti-bacterial soap or bleach)
Practice Social Distancing (6 -10 feet whenever possible)
Inform medical staff of any unreported cases of NAM-V within the facility

In response to multiple complaints about wearing masks, we are not mandating their use. If you elect not to wear a mask, please exercise common sense (cover your mouth when you cough or sneeze, keep a reasonable distance etc.) Your choice in this matter will be recorded in your personnel file.

Dean Lockwood
Acting Project Manager
