D-Lock Block Cipher
alias:int_server.1024_ciph.tier5.kds_ops/AClintonB035.flagged

From: Andre Piros A134
To: Andrew Clinton B035
Date: August 3rd 2053
Subject: Re: Re: Kovac mess

Mr. Clinton,

As I mentioned in our original discussion (I have attached the Hearsay recording for your review), the Santonian employee contract is very clear on the punishment for entering restricted areas. Kovac Defense Services have a comprehensive contract with both the Santonian Mining Company and the Mexican government that allows Kovac to establish martial law and "administrate punitive consequence" over any person within the exclusion zone. This is not just a company contract; it is national law.

All workers at Garganta and the surrounding area agree to these regulations when they sign their contract.

Andre Piros

//attachment not found

-----------------------
D-Lock Block Cipher
alias:int_server.1024_ciph.tier5.kds_ops/AClinton.B035.flagged|APirosA134.flagged

Andrew,

I'm sorry for your loss. That sounds terrible. I did not know Igor Rostok C122 personally, but I have heard good things about him. I am sure the Santonian family will mourn his loss greatly.

I am forwarding this message to Andre. He deals with all security issues within Garganta. As you know I am merely an advisor to Santonian Industries. I have nothing to do with company policy or procedure. I can only say that I condone the use of excessive force in any circumstance, and I hope Santonian and Kovac can come to some amicable resolution to this issue.

J.

-----------------------
D-Lock Block Cipher
alias:int_server.1024_ciph.tier5.kds_ops/JDaviesA001.flagged

Mr. Davies,

On July 28th, Igor Rostok C122, a Generalist Engineer, was shot and killed by a KSO for "entering a restricted area".

That is the full extent of the information Kovac gave me. They killed a Santonian employee, and all that I know is that he was "entering a restricted area". Andre Piros won't give me any more information.

I don't know who to turn to. One of our employees has been killed for walking into the wrong area, and no one here seems to care. I knew Igor personally, and he was a company man through and through. The fact that he could ever be seen as a threat by Kovac is nonsense, and in what world is it okay to execute a person on the spot for trespassing? As I write that I realize how insane it is.

I don't know what to do here Mr. Davies. I need help. Kovac are out of control. I can handle the Project Insight restrictions to a point, and understand the need for security, but this has just gone too far.

Andrew Clinton B035
